The Joe Rogan experience. You know, what's good about that too.
If you're ever in a real altercation,
you're used to people resisting a hundred percent. Um, cause like,
if you're like a karate guy and you used to like point touching each other and
did you see that.
Karate? I, I was about to, to bring it up. It was unbelievable.
The guy was unbelievable basket.
By not he wins. How do you feel? Pretty.
Loses. He, how do you feel PR you get knocked out. Yeah.
In the gold medal matchup and you win the gold and the other guy's disqualified.
He's.
Disqualified for hitting you too, too hard.
And, and here's the thing that was up. Like,
it's not like he was standing there. He kind of leaned in to the kick,
like he bent over and the dude caught him.
So it's kind of on you a little bit too.
Yeah. Let's watch it. Let's watch it. Cuz it's so dumb. And uh,
I didn't a friend of mine sent that to me and look at this. Here it is. Look.
At this. Look, he, he bends over.
Yeah.
And to be honest, it's the counter. The guy throws a straight left.
He counters with the kick. Catches him, hit him. Then he just fake sleeping. Oh,
he's outta here dude.
He's sleeping.
Oh, he thought he won too poor guy. Yeah.
Well he should have won in a real world scenario and any other rational sport.
That's a combat sport. He won. That's what.
The problem with like Olympic combat sports is they try to take the violence out
of.
It. But what doesn't make any sense is you could win by knockout and TaeKwonDo.
Oh, I didn't know that that's in the same thing. Uh it's in the Olympics too.
Like why you specifically, why, what is the difference?
Why do you have karate and TaeKwonDo? Yeah.
Like the only difference is you're you're allowed to punch in the face in this.
And is it point karate? Is that what it is? I heard it was Kue I don't know.
I don't know though. Kue is the Japanese word for sparring. Okay. So yeah,
that doesn't make sense. I just heard someone saying it while I was watching.
I think that's the word for sparring? I think that's what it.
Means. I mean, they got all the different types of swimming,
so I guess you're gonna have all the different types of martial arts. You know,
you gotta do things to stack the metals, right?
Like if you're good at some like America, we're good at running.
So we're just gonna okay.
45 Kilogram Kue final. Yeah. So dumb. Yeah.
Ridiculous. Oh they, oh, so they have, uh,
individual demonstrations like kata and then they have one on one Kue.
That's the most ridiculous one. I'm not trying to shoot on this guy.
You probably kick my, but the guy won a gold medal for dancing.
Getting KA. Oh yeah. For the kata.
For the kata. Yeah. But it was just choreography.
Well, you could win for gymnastics <affirmative>.
Yeah, but gymnastics, isn't a fight. Like I, I see martial arts as you know,
this is fighting. Right, right, right. In order to be good at it,
you have to be able to do that on someone.
The, the kata thing is like, you would have to learn those to get your belts.
Like you'd have a co for one specific one that you had for blue belt,
a specific one you had for green belt. I remember.
When I did TaeKwonDo as a kid, we had that. Yeah. You had.
To learn all the, yeah.
I hated those. What? The TaeKwonDo? This stuff.
Right? Yeah.
The forms PO say America gold does here. It,
he won the first E karate metal in men's kata,
the first ever for America, the first ever time they handed it out, uh,
America. So ridiculous. His face, the intensity so serious.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> yeah. The thing is like,
it's not a bad thing to practice.
Like it's almost like kind of like a form of yoga in a way,
like you're practicing, moving your body.
And if you get really good at doing those, katas,
it'll probably enhance your ability to move,
which will enhance your ability to spark. But you're not giving anybody a,
a medal for shadow boxing. Good point. That'd be ridiculous. Good point.
Grew around. I'm a boxing gold medalist,
a gold medal for shadow boxing or hitting the Cobra bag.
You know, that's a bag work gold.
<laugh> the bag where gold medal be better than this.
Cause we could at least see something. Land air kicks. Yeah. Like, you know,
this poor guy just got back to America with his gold medal. Just,
this is the guy he, they were going against each other though. Oh, and this guy,
how do you do? Oh, they, they judge it. They judge the, the karate, the,
the KA rather. Yeah. We used to have those tournaments in TaeKwonDo tournaments.
They would have the, the kata version or the, I forget what they call it.
I think it's called PO set.
They call it Korean and then they would of the sparring part.
You'd have to wait around while these dumies threw air kicks and,
and kicks. Yeah. Yeah. Watch the entire episode for free. Only on Spotify.